if there's one product that I could keep
as a secret all to myself it would be
gimme brow but that would be very
selfish of me because it is so amazing
this little product here mimics the
appearance of real hair that's right it
looks like real hair when you put it on
your brows now I'm going to show you how
to use them because it comes in two
colors light medium and medium deep now
firstly I've got loving Nicki here hi
Nicki and Nicki has blonde highlights in
she's actually naturally blonde as well
so you'd think a straightaway I'm going
to go for the light/medium and that is
correct but if you've naturally have
dark hair and you go for blonde
highlights what you do then well I'm
going to show you all you need to do is
look underneath the hair here and this
is the color that you're going to go for
so if it's light to medium brown you go
for the medium brown if it's any darker
than that you go for the dark now if you
have white or gray hair that I'll
recommend going for the darker shade
super easy to use comes with the perfect
sized ones here so it's not too big it's
not going to make a mess there's hardly
any artistry to it all you need to do is
go away from the hair think of it like
volumizing your hair on your head you
know you're going to backcomb if you do
that and it's exactly the same Megumi
brow so go away to start with and then
back with the brow and within seconds
you've got thicker looking perfectly
groomed brows it couldn't be easier
now for the medium-dark that would be
the shade that I would use and it's
obviously going to be the shade that's
how he uses now I don't even need to
look underneath it to know that Tyrell
use that shade because she's this
beautiful dark brown hair but it's
exactly the same technique whatever your
hair color so the medium dark again just
go away from the hair to start with and
then back with the hair the great thing
with gimme brow as well is is it's
completely waterproof so you don't need
to worry about your brows running down
your face halfway through the day and
that my friends is why gimme brow is one
of my most favorite products in the
entire universe